docs: add to property references configurations for zone aware nodes (#9313)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/core-settings/configuration/partials/_cluster.md

| `camunda.cluster.compression-algorithm` | <p>Configure the compression algorithm for all messages sent between brokers, and between broker and gateway.</p><p>Available options are <code>NONE</code>, <code>GZIP</code>, and <code>SNAPPY</code>.</p><p>This can be useful when network latency is high (for example, across data centers), but may impact performance when latency is low.</p>                                                                                                       | `NONE`          |
| `camunda.cluster.gateway-id`            | <p>Set the member ID of this gateway node in the cluster. Only relevant for standalone gateway deployments.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `gateway`       |

> | `camunda.cluster.zone`                  | <p>The zone (region or availability zone) this broker belongs to. Used for zone-aware routing and replication (see <code>camunda.cluster.partitioning.scheme</code> set to <code>ZONE_AWARE</code>). If not set, the broker is considered to be in a single-zone setup.</p><p>Must be at most 63 characters, start with an alphanumeric character (no leading hyphen), and contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (<code>[A-Za-z0-9-]</code>).</p> |                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `camunda.cluster.zone`                  | <p>The zone (region or availability zone) this broker belongs to. Used for multi-region deployments. When set, the partitioning scheme (see <code>camunda.cluster.partitioning.scheme</code> must be set to <code>ZONE_AWARE</code>). If not set, the broker is considered to be in a single-zone setup.</p><p>Must be at most 63 characters, start with an alphanumeric character (no leading hyphen), and contain only alphanumeric characters and hyphens (<code>[A-Za-z0-9-]</code>).</p> |                 |
```

Here is just a suggestion on the description. "zone-aware routing and replication" is not  understandable as a user. It is important to specify how and when to use this configuration.

| `camunda.cluster.partitioning.fixed[].nodes[].priority`              | <p>Priority value associated with a broker node in the fixed partitioning configuration.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `1`           |
| `camunda.cluster.partitioning.zone-aware.zones[].name`               | <p>The name of the zone. Used when <code>camunda.cluster.partitioning.scheme</code> is set to <code>ZONE_AWARE</code>. Follows the same rules as <code>camunda.cluster.zone</code>.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | -             |

> | `camunda.cluster.partitioning.zone-aware.zones[].number-of-brokers`  | <p>The total number of brokers deployed in this zone.</p>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | -             |

Reviewer: :wrench: Also add that the total number of brokers across all zones must be equal to the provided cluster size. (Isn't that the case?). Same for the number of replicas.
